# STAFF MEETING [WED, 01.03.2017, 19h30 - Xinfab (DT)]


<pre>
Minutes: Jade
Chair: Jade
Attendance: Tony, Aurelien, Pamela, Jade
</pre>

#Agenda

##1. Updates & Feedback

####DT opening hours
- We can now open from 1pm-9pm
- Schedule remains Tue-Sat
- Sun closed for members, space reserved for workshops
- Mon closed

####Danny interview

Jiaotong University shot an interview with Danny at Xinfab. Danny spoke about his career and being a designer in Shanghai. Danny will keep us updated on when the video is done, where it will be published or whether we can have the recording and publish in our own channels. Thanks Danny! :)

####DT opening party

- MMW backed off on opening party date. Still no date and no real plan from their side.
- We will still plan our own event and be prepared in case another last minute request comes from DT. In any case, we will host a party with or without them.
- Danny approached a wine company who, in turn, approached both Pamela and Jade to discuss sponsorship of drinks for our event. Jade replied and thanked the lady, explained we're still at the early stages of planning and will recontact her once we have more event details.
- Tony and Aurelien volunteered to cook snacks for the event. We will help them cook and possibly enlist more people to help. TBD.

### _Action points:

*Tony* and *Jade*: 
- [ ] Meet this weekend to plan the party and agree on a date.
- [ ] Feedback draft plan to everyone and set a date for agreeing on a final plan and dividing tasks.

####Machine space

- Jade shared our requests with DT. Pending decision from their side whether they give us more space or not.
- DT was not sure about the voltage. Tony and Aurelien said it can be easily solved. If any service is needed, Xinfab will arrange it and cover the costs.

####Wall, logo, tool wall

Tony and Jade looked at the space and agreed on the following:
- Given current situation at DT, everything we do needs to be removable. 
- We will keep it simple and do a minimum for the moment.

*Jade*: 
- [ ] Arrange acrylic logo to be placed on the wall

*Jade* and TDB: 
- [ ] Set aside sometime to finish the tool display (black counter)

####UTSEUS 
Jade sent UTSEUS the proposal agreed during last staff meeting (minimum number of memberships per month). No reply so far.

####K11
Danny sent K11 the proposal for Pamela's and Tony's workshop. Awaiting reply.

####New employee 
Following discussion and given we do not yet know exactly what will be the workload for the new hire, we are going to wait and see how March goes to be able to better define a work schedule for the new person and subsequently recruit them.

##2. Tony + Aurelien VIP membership :)
Tony and Aurelien became our first VIP members! Thank you!!!
6'000 RMB for 6 months have been paid to Xinfab's alipay account.

####Rules for other new ppl interested
- Based on existing rules, Jade drafted new rules for memberships and staff. Draft was discussed during the meeting and points were added.

*Jade*: 
- [x] Share updated draft with everyone

*Lucio* and *Danny*: 
- [ ] Review the document and share their thoughts

*Everyone*: 
- [ ] Decide on a final set of rules

##3.  Workshop planning for March (and April, if we manage)
- We made a calendar for March and April and will follow through with March (April remains subject to changes)
- The goal is to be active again, see how many people will sign up and test how the workshops go.
Thank you everyone!!!

### _Action points:

*Jade*: 
- [ ] Jade will share with everyone involved the draft caledar and request missing info by <b>THURSDAY, MARCH 2</b>

*Tony*, *Aurelien*, *Pamela*, *Danny*:
- [ ] Send Jade the missing info by <b>FRIDAY, MARCH 3</b> (the sooner the better)

*Jade*: 
- [ ] Finalize the calendar, publish it and create posts for the events on our channels by <b>SATURDAY, MARCH 4</b>


##4.  Other outstanding issues
- DT approached us wanting to change the contract and get it signed.
- Ongoing negotiation between Lucio, Jade and DT.
- Situation looks dire, everyone be prepared to start looking for a new space.
