# STAFF MEETING [TUE, 07.03.2017, 19h30 - Xinfab (DT)]


<pre>
Minutes: Jade
Chair: Jade
Attendance: Jade, Lucio, Pamela, Tony, Aurelien
</pre>

#Agenda

##1. Updates & Feedback

####Party Planning

- Planning postponed for the time being. Pending to solve DT contract situation first.

####Machine space

- MMW asked us for a floor plan so they can consider us bringing the machines (Again, this will depend on solving the contract first).

*Jade*: 
- [ ] Once contract situation is solved, Jade will ask MMW for first floor plan so we can place the machines.

####Wall, logo, tool wall

- Also pending.

####K11

- Danny could not attend the staff meeting, so no updates on K11.

####Opendesk opening party

- Transportation for laser booked. Danny and Jade will take laser to Opendesk on Wed at 8pm. Lab closed on Thursday. Jade and Danny will bring back laser to Xinfab on Fri at noon. Friday: back to normal hours (members have been notified).
- Danny could not attend the staff meeting, so no other updates on Opendesk party.

##2. DT contract

Lucio fed back to the group the results of the meeting with MMW: 
- After negotiation, MMW kept two points they insist on: 1. minimum of 2 workshops/week as of April, and 2. Duration of contract until September, 2017.
- Team agreed to accept those terms. 
- Jade expressed concern on the amount of workshops, since we depend on teacher availability to pin dates to the calendar. Team felt we can work this out so long as we have an average, and if DT insists on a fixed amount of 2 workhops/week, we repeat workshops or do introduction, very simple ones just to comply.
- Tony expressed concern about DT trying to keep the machines in case we move out. Team feels this is unlikely, and in case it does happen it's a case for going to court since it would qualify as stealing.

*Jade*: 
- [x] Will take the latest version of the original contract (not the new one sent by MMW) and change/include the points MMW insisted on.
- [x] Send the contract to MMW.


##3. Membership & Staff New Rules 

Everyone contributed to and added comments. Now we need to agree on a final version.

*Lucio*:
- [ ] Will read again the document on Google docs carefully and give final OK

##4.  Workshop planning for March and April

March kept as planned. April as well, but there are still gaps we need to look at.

*Everyone*:
- [ ] Fill the gaps of April

##5.  Other outstanding issues

- No other issues.



