<pre>
Staff Meeting Notes 2015-11-03, 1630pm
Meeting runner: Eva
Attendance: Sean, Vineel, Eva
</pre>

### Action Items

*Sean:*

*Unassigned:*
- [ ] manage members (follow up, keep track of their membership, their machines)
- [ ] create a payment system better than our paper system (memberships, machine hours)
- [ ] Create event every 1 or 2 months, kind of networking event, but also keep everyone involved, maybe in combination with lucio’s returning, so every month? lucio’s welcome back party every month?!
- [ ] define relationship with XCJ
- [ ] get Sean's job description
- [ ] work with accountant to come up with a solution for fapiao

*Lucio:* @lpgn
- [ ] respond to Brandnographer
- [ ] Newsletter
- [ ] create automatic script for website
- [x] contact Minnie so Vineel gets a card
- [ ] ******interview prospective intern and employee

*Eva:* @evawxiao
- [ ] talk to Simona & Lucio about meeting with Jing An official for sponsorship $$
- [ ] make wechat workshop survey
- [x] get familiar with Processing

*Danny:* @Dannykuo
- [ ] finish website
- [ ] calculate costs of end-to-end stool/small table design workshop (from sketches to factory production)
- [x] ask Universal people about lasercutter wechat post

*Vineel:* 
- [ ] take a look at FabManager
- [ ] get familiar with Processing

###STAFF ISSUES

####Maxwell deal
* Eva will meet with Maxwell tomorrow to go over school's proposal (11/11)
  * Vineel makes suggestion, gross vs. net
 
####Future Workshops
* Danny's stool/table workshop
  * Vineel suggests that we call it a class and offer a certificate to recognize attendee achievement


