<pre>
Staff Meeting Notes 2015-10-06, 1830pm
Meeting runner: Eva
Attendance: Sean, Danny, Eva
Observers: Vincent
</pre>

### Action Items

*Sean:*

*Unassigned:*
- [ ] manage members (follow up, keep track of their membership, their machines)
- [ ] create a payment system better than our paper system (memberships, machine hours)
- [ ] Create event every 1 or 2 months, kind of networking event, but also keep everyone involved, maybe in combination with lucio’s returning, so every month? lucio’s welcome back party every month?!
- [ ] define relationship with XCJ
- [ ] contact Rockets from DFRobot to get a good spot at the Maker 
- [ ] get Sean's job description
- [ ] work with accountant to come up with a solution for fapiao

*Lucio:* @lpgn
- [ ] respond to Brandnographer
- [ ] Newsletter
- [ ] create automatic script for website

*Eva:* @evawxiao
- [ ] talk to Simona & Lucio about meeting with Jing An official for sponsorship $$
- [ ] make wechat workshop survey

*Danny:* @Dannykuo
- [ ] finish website

###STAFF ISSUES

####Xinfab Improvements
* Vincent – do we need the ayi? ← let's find the trash can
* How should we control material stock? 
  * we shoould do an inventory of what we have - Vincent
* event ideas:
  * competition event between students, universities, designers
  * hackathon 
  * A better pancake event
  * Remember: Things only happen if SOMEONE organizes it!

####Giant CNC
* By the time Lucio leaves Xinfab in December, giant CNC should be finished
  * If not, we dismantle.
* Vineel to work with Lucio, Laura, the Xinchejian guy on CNC design.


 
